# We Live Again! And this time better than ever.

So, it's been awhile. For those of you who don't know, i setup the first iteration of this website about a year ago under a separate domain (defective-null.siny-site). Long story short, building that taught me a lot but i was unhappy with how i did certain things. For one, i was writing everything in the site in html, this took forever and made editing things way harder to format than it should be. Unfortunately i also didn't have an easy way to search for articles, what would happen is i'd just make the blog button open up the latest article and store the old ones on github. Needless to say, mistakes were made.

Another small problem i faced was promoting this site, since i could only get discovered if someone saw a link i actually posted. This meant that i had a pretty small sample size of people reading my stuff. That's why i ultimately decided to move to Neocities. It seems like a pretty lively community that actually wants people to discover new stuff they might be interested in. I myself found a bunch of cool projects and it seems like that's the intended way of using the site. I don't actually understand how discoverability works, like if it actively recommends people new sites or sites with new blog posts or whatever but it seems like there's a weekly or monthly spotlight of some kind, so that's something i'll have to look into.

A lot has happened in my life in the meantime, both good and bad. I won't talk about the details here but i ended up cutting ties with a lot of people that i've known for the past few years, mostly toxic relationships and people who didn't really seem to respect me for who i am. It's been pretty rough but i feel i've left that experience a stronger person. I'm at a point where i actually feel confident about my skills as an artist, which isn't something i'm used to saying. I don't feel like as much of a fraud anymore. The feeling is still there but it's greatly diminished.

On another note, i've also had a lot of growth in work as well. I've actually really enjoyed programming these past few months, or the little of it that i can do at least. Really feel like i'm finding my niche when it comes to that as well. I've learned that as autistic people we like to learn thing from the bottom up. So essentually we hold on to details before we can understand the full picture. I think this explains a lot of my troubles with learning harder things, especially math and programming. This is something that i want to get into separately but, i think this method of learning tends to help make things a lot more clearer than the supposed standard way of learning from the top down, the way that most neurotypicals do it. 

Anyway, i have a lot more i want to talk about in later posts, so i won't ramble on for too much more in this post, just wanted to catch people up to speed. (not like anyone reads these but hey). I have a lot more stuff coming out that i want to talk about. Mainly

1. Null's Notes - A new series i'm making about level design in games. More technical deep dives than anything.
2. My new quake level: Cavernous Goliath - i want to talk a bit about it's detailing since it's something i'm really excited to do and i think there's a chance the map will get a really unique vibe to it
3. FTE/QuakeC stuff: want to get into how this engine works a bit more, there's a lot of bespoke things about it that are kinda hard to know when you first jump in.
4. My new game project.
5. Linux stuff - I've been learning stuff like i3wm and neovim and i want to be able to share some of the things i've learned and maybe get other people to try it.

So yeah, lots to look forward to. 

P.S: I have a [discord server](https://discord.gg/hJq3pAFm5a) now, come hang out :D
